hello YouTube so this is a requested
video and it's as you can see by the
title it's a video on like tips like
you're stretching tips because this
person is going to show up the month
right I don't fit this last backwards or
not but it's jordan skids 96 okay so
that's just a big shout out to him and
he's being in boxing me a couple of
times just asking about your stretch and
stuff and he asked me to do a you're
stretching video and i won like tips so
yeah go check him out look that's what
the user name is Jordan skids 96 um and
he asked me to do a video on new
stretton tips so go check him out and
subscribe and stuff um okay so I've got
I'm that written down here come see I've
gotten written down and it's just a
couple of tips that I think are
important that you guys need to know
before okay so I'm the first step take
it slow you're stretching you need lot
of patience a lot a lot a lot a lot of
patience it takes a long time and if it
hurts when you stretch you don't take it
out and try it again from about two to
seven days time because it shouldn't
hurt you're stretching should be really
like easy and not even hurtin it should
just be fine and you shouldn't we feel
much pain so yeah take it slow and use
tip if you're a big size say over 5 i'd
say or five mil and millimeters which is
four gauge if you live near k and if you
live in america and so it's four gauge
is five millimeters you might wanna buy
like a saddle double flared plug and
start using teflon tape which is a PTFE
tip and it's like plumbers tape and you
can just it only sticks to itself and
its not porous so it's really good for
you use like electrical tape is porous
and
years will grow into it that's not very
nice and you have to have them cut out
so if you use teflon tape you can wrap
it around the plug and it will make your
years stretch over a period of a couple
of days if you do about like three and
three kind of roll bits of it um each
day then a year will obviously expand
over certain amount of time so that's
really good if you don't wanna go
splashing out on new tables or pinches
so use teflon tape you sort socks if you
just recently stretch do you or any time
you can use it if you just wretched you
or whatever and it's really good to do
sort socks I'm just depew it's like a
cup of hot water with salt in it and
it'll just help fight any infections and
clean the year massage ears make sure
that the bottoms of you years are always
the same color as the top of years just
to make sure that this bled am going
through the year at all times and making
sure that just the nice and soft really
so it'd be easier for your neck stretch
and massage them with like like rescue
oil a bio oil or extra virgin olive oil
if you don't really want to splash out
on and some like specific stuff x virgin
olive oil is supposed to be really good
for misogyny years and so yeah try that
you want and don't let them go cold if
you go cold then it's just going to make
a really hard stretch and it might
really affect years if I built if you
have like big stretched ears don't use
wood to stretch please don't use what to
stretch um what is porous and you guys
will end up growing inside your oh yeah
yeah you years will end up growing
inside the plug or the stretcher I think
fully healed because what is like holes
in it and you guys really flashy and you
know it's just been stretch is quite raw
so then it's going to end up growing
inside the wood and then you're gonna
have to have a like cut out and huskily
really nasty and you don't want to end
up doing
and also silicon and is porous and can
do the same thing as wood so only
stretch with steel or metal and acrylic
is ok to stretch with but it like it is
porous so make sure that you're turning
it all the time making sure the ear
doesn't get stuck and also I'm but what
is good for afterwards like if you you
you as a fully healed it does make a
year smell because they like soaks up
all the juices oh that sounds really
horrible pretty soaked support like the
nasty stuff so it won't make you smell
and always shower or not always you can
shower before I knew stretch because you
use would be nice and hot and juicy and
tender New Year's won't hurt as much to
stretch with and always use like
lubricants to stretch with them like a
oil or something like that or hot water
just making your your pictures of your
tapers go in easily and so then you
don't put so much pressure and stuff on
your year so taking a show before you
stretch a hot shower will really help
with that clean your hands before
touching new years because you don't
want to put any infections and stuff on
two years and put any infections like
inside the year and because I can like
be a really big problem and you might
not be able to stretch for a while also
like if you put in jeans into them again
looking at infected oh yeah this is
another thing that I've got down beer
and if like you work in a job where you
aren't allowed to have strategies or
even if you go to like a private school
or a really strict school where you are
not allowed to have piercings you can
buy em like a flesh coloured plugs and
then you can buy them from Kings body
jewelry jewelry I've seen it there
before and op-ed as well if you type in
like flesh colored plugs and they just
like double flared plugs and like saddle
sitting plugs
and they are silicone usually silicon
and they like the same color as you
flesh well as you year and it doesn't
look like if you've got stretched ears
at all and it just looks like a big glob
really and they are really good the
flaky school is really strict and stuff
so I'm just gonna just show you mine cuz
somebody asked me I can't even be in
here but you know who you are and they
asked me to show and my years so I'm
just going to do that I'm just going
from a bit closer move flip you can't
see them they like tunnels but i don't
think the Lighting's very good right
that's one thank God I had ever this PS
for about two years and I have never
done well I think I took it out once but
I just come to bar that I quite like
that bar in any way is quite fun to play
with in class but yeah that's 3.2 and
also this year's 3.2 well and I've got
my cartilage pierced up here as well
mm-hmm yep so that's another 3.2 so yep
mm-hmm so yeah thanks for watching guys
if you want any other ear stretching
videos and please let me know and yeah
just embarks me if you have any other
questions thanks for watching and don't
forget to subscribe to jordans get 96
yeah okay thanks for watching guys bye